---
title: Attachments
category: Version 2.x - API
order: 2
---

> **NOTICE** In migrating to this new documentation, many (if not all) of the links are broken.  Please use the sidebar on the left for navigation.

# Attachment

Represents an attachment to a card.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- Attachment

## Properties

### static Manatee.Trello.Attachment+Fields DownloadedFields { get; set; }

Specifies which fields should be downloaded.

### int? Bytes { get; }

Gets the size of the attachment in bytes.

### DateTime CreationDate { get; }

Gets the creation date of the attachment.

### DateTime? Date { get; }

Gets the date and time the attachment was added to a card.

### [WebColor](/API-Boards#webcolor) EdgeColor { get; }

Gets the color used as a border for the attachment preview on the card.

### string Id { get; }

Gets the attachment&#39;s ID.

### bool? IsUpload { get; }

Gets whether the attachment was uploaded data or attached by URI.

### [Member](/API-Members#member) Member { get; }

Gets the [Member](/API-Attachments#member-member--get-) who added the attachment.

### string MimeType { get; }

Gets the MIME type of the attachment.

### string Name { get; set; }

Gets the name of the attachment.

### [Position](/API-Common-Types#position) Position { get; set; }

Gets or sets the attachment&#39;s position.

### [ReadOnlyAttachmentPreviewCollection](/API-Attachments#readonlyattachmentpreviewcollection) Previews { get; }

Gets the collection of previews generated by Trello.

### string Url { get; }

Gets the URI of the attachment.

## Events

### Action&lt;Attachment, IEnumerable&lt;string&gt;&gt; Updated

Raised when data on the attachment is updated.

## Methods

### void Delete()

Permanently deletes the attachment from Trello.

#### Remarks

This instance will remain in memory and all properties will remain accessible.

### string ToString()

Returns the [Name](/API-Attachments#string-name--get-set-).

**Returns:** A string that represents the attachment.

# AttachmentCollection

A collection of attachments.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;Attachment&gt;
- ReadOnlyAttachmentCollection
- AttachmentCollection

## Methods

### [Attachment](/API-Attachments#attachment) Add(string url, string name)

Adds an attachment to a card using the URL of the attachment.

**Parameter:** url

A URL to the data to attach. Must be a valid URL that begins with &#39;http://&#39; or &#39;https://&#39;.

**Parameter:** name

An optional name for the attachment. The linked file name will be used by default if not specified.

**Returns:** The attachment generated by Trello.

### [Attachment](/API-Attachments#attachment) Add(Byte[] data, string name)

Adds an attachment to a card by uploading data.

**Parameter:** data

The byte data of the file to attach.

**Parameter:** name

A name for the attachment.

**Returns:** The attachment generated by Trello.

# ReadOnlyAttachmentPreviewCollection

A read-only collection of image previews for attachments.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;ImagePreview&gt;
- ReadOnlyAttachmentPreviewCollection

