---
title: Attachment
category: API
order: 4
---

Represents an attachment to a card.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- Attachment

## Properties

### static Attachment.Fields DownloadedFields { get; set; }

Specifies which fields should be downloaded.

### int? Bytes { get; }

Gets the size of the attachment in bytes.

### DateTime CreationDate { get; }

Gets the creation date of the attachment.

### DateTime? Date { get; }

Gets the date and time the attachment was added to a card.

### [WebColor](../WebColor#webcolor) EdgeColor { get; }

Gets the color used as a border for the attachment preview on the card.

### string Id { get; }

Gets an ID on which matching can be performed.

### bool? IsUpload { get; }

Gets whether the attachment was uploaded data or attached by URI.

### [IMember](../IMember#imember) Member { get; }

Gets the Manatee.Trello.IAttachment.Member who added the attachment.

### string MimeType { get; }

Gets the MIME type of the attachment.

### string Name { get; set; }

Gets or sets the name of the attachment.

### [Position](../Position#position) Position { get; set; }

Gets or sets the attachment&#39;s position.

### IReadOnlyCollection&lt;[IImagePreview](../IImagePreview#iimagepreview)&gt; Previews { get; }

Gets the collection of previews generated by Trello.

### string Url { get; }

Gets the URI of the attachment.

## Events

### Action&lt;[IAttachment](../IAttachment#iattachment), IEnumerable&lt;string&gt;&gt; Updated

Raised when data on the attachment is updated.

## Methods

### Task Delete(CancellationToken ct)

Deletes the attachment.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

#### Remarks

This permanently deletes the attachment from Trello&#39;s server, however, this object will remain in memory and all properties will remain accessible.

### Task Refresh(CancellationToken ct)

Refreshes the attachment data.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

### string ToString()

Returns a string that represents the current object.

**Returns:** A string that represents the current object.

