---
title: IAttachment
category: API
order: 54
---

Represents an attachment to a card.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- IAttachment

## Properties

### int? Bytes { get; }

Gets the size of the attachment in bytes.

### DateTime CreationDate { get; }

Gets the creation date of the attachment.

### DateTime? Date { get; }

Gets the date and time the attachment was added to a card.

### [WebColor](../WebColor#webcolor) EdgeColor { get; }

Gets the color used as a border for the attachment preview on the card.

### bool? IsUpload { get; }

Gets whether the attachment was uploaded data or attached by URI.

### [IMember](../IMember#imember) Member { get; }

Gets the [Member](../IAttachment#imember-member--get-) who added the attachment.

### string MimeType { get; }

Gets the MIME type of the attachment.

### string Name { get; set; }

Gets or sets the name of the attachment.

### [Position](../Position#position) Position { get; set; }

Gets or sets the attachment&#39;s position.

### Manatee.Trello.IReadOnlyCollection`1[[Manatee.Trello.IImagePreview, Manatee.Trello, Version=3.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=f502fcc17fc907d6]] Previews { get; }

Gets the collection of previews generated by Trello.

### string Url { get; }

Gets the URI of the attachment.

## Events

### Action&lt;IAttachment, IEnumerable&lt;string&gt;&gt; Updated

Raised when data on the attachment is updated.

## Methods

### Task Delete(CancellationToken ct)

Deletes the attachment.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

#### Remarks

This permanently deletes the attachment from Trello&#39;s server, however, this object will remain in memory and all properties will remain accessible.

### Task Refresh(CancellationToken ct)

Refreshes the attachment data.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

