---
title: ICardCollection
category: API
order: 69
---

A collection of cards.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- ICardCollection

## Methods

### Task&lt;[ICard](../ICard#icard)&gt; Add(string name, string description = null, Position position = null, DateTime? dueDate = null, bool? isComplete = null, IEnumerable&lt;IMember&gt; members = null, IEnumerable&lt;ILabel&gt; labels = null, CancellationToken ct = default(CancellationToken))

Creates a new card.

**Parameter:** name

A name

**Parameter:** description

(optional) A description

**Parameter:** position

(optional) The card&#39;s position in the list.

**Parameter:** dueDate

(optional) A due date.

**Parameter:** isComplete

(optional) Indicates whether the card is complete.

**Parameter:** members

(optional) A collection of members to add to the card.

**Parameter:** labels

(optional) A collection of labels to add to the card.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

**Returns:** The Manatee.Trello.ICard generated by Trello.

### Task&lt;[ICard](../ICard#icard)&gt; Add(ICard source, CancellationToken ct = default(CancellationToken))

Creates a new card by copying a card.

**Parameter:** source

A card to copy. Default is null.

**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

**Returns:** The Manatee.Trello.ICard generated by Trello.

### Task&lt;[ICard](../ICard#icard)&gt; Add(string name, string sourceUrl, CancellationToken ct = default(CancellationToken))

Creates a new card by importing data from a URL.

**Parameter:** name

The name of the card to add.

**Parameter:** sourceUrl



**Parameter:** ct

(Optional) A cancellation token for async processing.

**Returns:** The Manatee.Trello.ICard generated by Trello.

