---
title: Stickers
category: Version 2.x - API
order: 14
---

# Sticker

Represents a sticker on a card.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- Sticker

## Fields

### static string Check

Represents the stock Check sticker.

### static string Clock

Represents the stock Clock sticker.

### static string Frown

Represents the stock Frown sticker.

### static string Heart

Represents the stock Heart sticker.

### static string Huh

Represents the stock Huh sticker.

### static string Laugh

Represents the stock Laugh sticker.

### static string RocketShip

Represents the stock RocketShip sticker.

### static string Smile

Represents the stock Smile sticker.

### static string Star

Represents the stock Star sticker.

### static string ThumbsDown

Represents the stock ThumbsDown sticker.

### static string ThumbsUp

Represents the stock ThumbsUp sticker.

### static string Warning

Represents the stock Warning sticker.

## Properties

### static Manatee.Trello.Sticker+Fields DownloadedFields { get; set; }

Specifies which fields should be downloaded.

### string Id { get; }

Gets the checklist&#39;s ID.

### string ImageUrl { get; }

Gets the URL for the sticker&#39;s image.

### double? Left { get; set; }

Gets or sets the position of the left edge.

### string Name { get; }

Gets the name of the sticker.

### [ReadOnlyStickerPreviewCollection](/API-Stickers#readonlystickerpreviewcollection) Previews { get; }

Gets the collection of previews.

### int? Rotation { get; set; }

Gets or sets the rotation.

#### Remarks

Rotation is clockwise and in degrees.

### double? Top { get; set; }

Gets or sets the position of the top edge.

### int? ZIndex { get; set; }

Gets or sets the z-index.

## Events

### Action&lt;Sticker, IEnumerable&lt;string&gt;&gt; Updated

Raised when data on the attachment is updated.

## Methods

### void Delete()

Permanently deletes the sticker from Trello. To remove a sticker from a card, use Manatee.Trello.CardStickerCollection.Remove(Manatee.Trello.Sticker)

#### Remarks

This instance will remain in memory and all properties will remain accessible.

### void Refresh()

Marks the card to be refreshed the next time data is accessed.

### string ToString()

Returns a string that represents the current object.

**Returns:** A string that represents the current object.

#### Filterpriority

2

# CardStickerCollection

A collection of [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker)s.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;Sticker&gt;
- ReadOnlyStickerCollection
- CardStickerCollection

## Methods

### [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker) Add(string name, double left, double top, int zIndex, int rotation)

Adds a [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker) to a [Card](/API-Cards#card).

**Parameter:** name

The name of the sticker.

**Parameter:** left

The position of the left edge.

**Parameter:** top

The position of the top edge.

**Parameter:** zIndex

The z-index. Default is 0.

**Parameter:** rotation

The rotation. Default is 0.

**Returns:** The attachment generated by Trello.

**Exception:** Manatee.Trello.Exceptions.ValidationException`1

Thrown when *name* is null, empty, or whitespace.

**Exception:** Manatee.Trello.Exceptions.ValidationException`1

Thrown when *rotation* is less than 0 or greater than 359.

### void Remove(Sticker sticker)

Removes a sticker from a card.

**Parameter:** sticker

The sticker to remove.

# MemberStickerCollection

A collection of [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker)s.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;Sticker&gt;
- ReadOnlyStickerCollection
- MemberStickerCollection

## Methods

### [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker) Add(Byte[] data, string name)

Adds a [Sticker](/API-Stickers#sticker) to a [Member](/API-Members#member)&#39;s custom sticker set by uploading data.

**Parameter:** data

The byte data of the file to attach.

**Parameter:** name

A name for the attachment.

**Returns:** The attachment generated by Trello.

# ReadOnlyStickerPreviewCollection

A read-only collection of image previews for attachments.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;ImagePreview&gt;
- ReadOnlyStickerPreviewCollection

