---
title: Lists
category: Version 2.x - API
order: 8
---

> **NOTICE** In migrating to this new documentation, many (if not all) of the links are broken.  Please use the sidebar on the left for navigation.

# List

Represents a list.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- List

## Constructors

### List(string id, TrelloAuthorization auth)

Creates a new instance of the [List](/API-Lists#list) object.

**Parameter:** id

The list&#39;s ID.

**Parameter:** auth

(Optional) Custom authorization parameters. When not provided, [TrelloAuthorization.Default](/API-Configuration#static-trelloauthorization-default--get-) will be used.

## Properties

### static Manatee.Trello.List+Fields DownloadedFields { get; set; }

Specifies which fields should be downloaded.

### [ReadOnlyActionCollection](/API-Actions#readonlyactioncollection) Actions { get; }

Gets the collection of actions performed on the list.

### [Board](/API-Boards#board) Board { get; set; }

Gets or sets the board on which the list belongs.

### [CardCollection](/API-Cards#cardcollection) Cards { get; }

Gets the collection of cards contained in the list.

### DateTime CreationDate { get; }

Gets the creation date of the list.

### string Id { get; }

Gets the list&#39;s ID.

### bool? IsArchived { get; set; }

Gets or sets whether the list is archived.

### bool? IsSubscribed { get; set; }

Gets or sets whether the current member is subscribed to the list.

### [Card](/API-Cards#card) this[string key] { get; }

Retrieves a card which matches the supplied key.

**Parameter:** key

The key to match.

#### Returns

The matching card, or null if none found.

#### Remarks

Matches on [Id](/API-Cards#string-id--get-) and [Name](/API-Cards#string-name--get-set-). Comparison is case-sensitive.

### [Card](/API-Cards#card) this[int index] { get; }

Retrieves the card at the specified index.

**Parameter:** index

The index.

**Exception:** System.ArgumentOutOfRangeException

*index* is less than 0 or greater than or equal to the number of elements in the collection.

#### Returns

The card.

### string Name { get; set; }

Gets the list&#39;s name.

### [Position](/API-Common-Types#position) Position { get; set; }

Gets the list&#39;s position.

## Events

### Action&lt;List, IEnumerable&lt;string&gt;&gt; Updated

Raised when data on the list is updated.

## Methods

### void ApplyAction(Action action)

Applies the changes an action represents.

**Parameter:** action

The action.

### void Refresh()

Marks the list to be refreshed the next time data is accessed.

### string ToString()

Returns a string that represents the current object.

**Returns:** A string that represents the current object.

#### Filterpriority

2

# ReadOnlyListCollection

A read-only collection of lists.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;List&gt;
- ReadOnlyListCollection

## Properties

### [List](/API-Lists#list) this[string key] { get; }

Retrieves a list which matches the supplied key.

**Parameter:** key

The key to match.

#### Returns

The matching list, or null if none found.

#### Remarks

Matches on [Id](/API-Lists#string-id--get-) and [Name](/API-Lists#string-name--get-set-). Comparison is case-sensitive.

# ListCollection

A collection of lists.

**Assembly:** Manatee.Trello.dll

**Namespace:** Manatee.Trello

**Inheritance hierarchy:**

- Object
- ReadOnlyCollection&lt;List&gt;
- ReadOnlyListCollection
- ListCollection

## Methods

### [List](/API-Lists#list) Add(string name)

Creates a new list.

**Parameter:** name

The name of the list to add.

**Returns:** The [List](/API-Lists#list) generated by Trello.

